Like her sister, [[Shadash]] created her own realm. To differentiate it from her sister’s realm, Shadash blended strong threads of negative energy into the weave of the world, thus creating an inherent necrotic taint.

To populate her new realm, Shadash coerced neutral and evil fey to join her. She also forcibly transported humanoids, plants, and animals. These transplants faced the harsh challenge of adapting or dying. While many perished, some survived and a few even thrived. A group of elves, the [[Ashen Elves]], created a civilization within the Ashenfey, although this later fell due to treachery and corruption. Most of the realm’s inhabitants are evil, and the others tend to be hard-hearted survivors. Visitors to this realm can expect, at best, cruel indifference.

The Ashenfey resembles the natural material world but can be best described as having a profound darkness and harshness. Plants have more and sharper thorns, venom and disease are more intense, colors are more subdued, animals are more savage, the rivers are often sluggish and flow with tainted water, and so on. Because the Ashenfey is infused with negative energy and weak in positive energy, all living creatures in the Ashenfey gain “resistance” to healing and necrotic vulnerability. If a creature is normally vulnerable to necrotic damage, that vulnerability remains. If a creature is normally resistant to necrotic damage, it loses that resistance (but does not gain vulnerability). Creatures normally immune to necrotic damage become resistant while in the Ashenfey. Undead creatures find the negative energy of the Ashenfey pleasant and stimulating. Whenever they make an attack roll or a saving throw, they roll a d4 and add the number rolled to the attack roll or saving throw.

An odd feature of the Ashenfey is that it contains no native silver ore; instead, it has necrotic iron. This metal can be worked like iron, though it is somewhat heavier. Necrotic iron brought into the Verdanfey grows uncomfortably warm and emits sparks of shadow. Material plane silver brought to the Ashenfey grows slightly warm and erratically emits faint sparks, as if the realm were trying to reject it. Fey silver brought to the Ashenfey grows uncomfortably hot and emits bright sparks. Many creatures of the Ashenfey find silver to be unpleasant, and to some, it is toxic. Inhabitants of the Ashenfey often refer to the material plane as the “Silverlands,” usually in a derisive manner.

While the Ashenfey is a distinct plane, it is coextensive with parts of the material plane. Because of this, the Ashenfey and material plane resemble each other, though there are significant differences. For example, a healthy material plane river is likely to have an Ashenfey counterpart, but this counterpart is likely to be a smaller river with foul water and a sluggish current. There are numerous weak spots in the barrier between the realms that permit intentional and accidental travel between them. These spots are often important to druids, and some are marked with special trees or rings of standing stones—often to warn the unwary of the danger. The opening of such gateways is often marked with a strange weather event, such as a lightning storm with oddly colored lightning and harsher-than-normal thunder. Certain good beings watch for these signs, standing on guard against what might emerge from the Ashenfey.