In the early nights of the world, [[The Three Sisters]] found that despite their love for each other, they could not agree on the proper way to shape the natural world. Rather than fight, they elected to share influence over the material realm. [[Darana]], embodying neutrality, was pleased with the balance between her sisters. While her sisters accepted this compromise, each desired to shape a realm in accord with their own conception of ethics. To this end, [[Ashalla]] created a plane parallel to that of the material realm and imbued it with strong positive energy.

To populate her new realm, Ashalla invited good and neutral fey to join her. She also extended an invitation to elves, gnomes, and even some dwarves and humans. As for the plants and animals, she either imported them or created them as needed. While many of the inhabitants of the realm are good, not all are. The influence of Ashalla does mean that few evil creatures dwell permanently in the realm, so peaceful visitors will rarely face anything more threatening than cruel pranks.

The Verdanfey resembles the natural material world but can be best described as having a stronger living presence: plants and animals are more robust, colors are more vivid, water is clearer, and so on. Because the Verdanfey is infused with positive energy, all living creatures in the Verdanfey gain “vulnerability” to healing and necrotic resistance. If a creature is normally vulnerable to necrotic damage, that vulnerability is suppressed in the Verdanfey. If a creature is normally resistant to necrotic damage, it becomes immune while in the Verdanfey. Undead creatures find the powerful positive energy of the Verdanfey unpleasant and disruptive. Whenever they make an attack roll or a saving throw, they must roll a d4 and subtract the number rolled from the attack roll or saving throw.

An odd feature of the Verdanfey is that it contains no native iron ore; instead, it has fey silver. This metal can be worked like iron, though it is lighter. Material plane iron brought to the Verdanfey grows slightly warm and erratically emits faint sparks, as if the realm were trying to reject it. Many creatures of the Verdanfey find cold iron to be unpleasant, and to some, it is toxic. Inhabitants of the Verdanfey often refer to the material plane as the “Ironlands,” sometimes in a derisive manner.

While the Verdanfey is a distinct plane, it is coextensive with parts of the material plane. Because of this, the Verdanfey and material plane often resemble each other, albeit with some important differences. For example, a material plane river is likely to have a Verdanfey counterpart, but this counterpart is likely to be a larger river with cleaner water and a faster current. There are numerous weak spots in the barrier between the realms that allow intentional and accidental travel between them. These spots are often important to druids, and some are marked with special trees or rings of standing stones. The opening of such gateways is often marked with a strange weather event, such as a lightning storm with oddly colored lightning and strangely musical thunder. Certain evil beings watch for these storms, eager to intrude into the Verdanfey.