# Pre-enchanted Seeds
Meant to mirror Cannabis Ruderalis. These seeds have been harvested by a professional grower. These seeds have their genetics stabilized, and feminized meaning they will always grow into a female plant that produces enough for 3 uses of whatever enchantment is applied. The amount of time the plant takes to fully mature is 1d6+3 weeks in game time.
# Virgin Seeds
Meant to mirror Photoperiodic Cannabis varieties. Virgin Seeds are wild seeds that have been procured from [[The Outback]], and need to be enchanted before they can be planted, or they grow non-magical cannabis. The amount of time the plant takes to fully mature is 1d6+5 weeks in game time.
## Enchantment
To enchant seeds the PC needs proficiency in Alchemist’s Supplies, all of the components required to cast the spell they want to enchant the seed with, and the ability to cast the spell themselves, or a scroll of the spell. Using the Alchemist’s Supplies all materials are combined, and expended. This creates one enchanted seed. The pollen from an enchanted [[Arcannabis]] plant can be used on the plant that sprouts from a virgin seed. Doing this pollinates the virgin plant with enchanted seeds. Using pollen from non-magical cannabis will annul any enchantment the mother plant had if any. Using Feminized pollen means the seeds from the pollinated plant can only produce a female plant, and adopts the spell of the plant the pollen came from.
## Biological Sex
By default there is a 45% (1 - 45 on d100) chance a seed will be male, 45% (46 - 90 on d100) chance it will be female, and a 10% (91 - 100 on d100) chance of a hermaphrodite. You can make or buy, and apply an alchemical solution to the plant that will guarantee the gender to be female, and a solution that makes any plant herm. Male plants produce pollen, female plants produce the actual enchanted flowers that are smoked, and a hermaphrodite will produce both. A female plant grows 1d4+1 uses of the spell it is enchanted with, unless it gets pollinated, or dies. If a female plant is pollinated it produces 1d8+2 seeds, but no flowers. A male plant produces enough pollen upon harvesting to pollinate 1d6+6 female plants. A hermaphrodite will produce 1d4-2 (min. 0) smokable flowers, and enough feminized pollen to pollinate 1d4 female plants.