While nature lies in the middle of order and chaos, it has three faces: good, evil, and neutral. These three faces are personified by the Three Sisters, the primary goddesses of nature in pre-colonization Stickyickistan. They are [[Ashalla]], [[Darana]], and [[Shadash]]. Ashalla, the Green Goddess, is the personification of the good aspects of nature. Her symbol is a sheaf of wheat, representing the bountiful and nurturing aspects of nature. She is regarded as the provider of food, sunshine, pleasant weather, and other good natural things. She is also the protector of parents and children. Druids and clerics who worship her serve to aid their communities by healing the wounded, curing the sick and helping crops and animals flourish. While her followers are sometimes stereotyped as peaceful huggers of trees, among their number are far more militant followers who take up arms and magic to defend what is good. Ashalla has strong connections with positive energy, and she is the kindly ruler of the [[Verdanfey]]—a fey dimension infused with this power. Darana, the Blue Goddess, is the personification of the balanced and neutral aspects of nature. These are the aspects that bring both weal and woe without discrimination. Her symbol consists of a series of idealized waves, for water is a paradigm of nature’s neutrality. Water gives life, but also takes it away. Water that once quenched a child’s thirst can become part of a flood that destroys a city and drowns that same child. Priests and druids who respect the impartiality of nature worship her. Like her, they seek to maintain a balance and to ensure that the course of nature is not distorted by good or evil. Her more militant followers abide by the saying that nature is cruel but fair. Darana often visits the Feywild and considers it her second home. Shadash, the White Goddess, is the personification of the brutal and destructive aspects of nature. Her symbol among humans and elves is a white rose with thorns dripping blood. Among the more brutal humanoids her symbol consists of bloodied claws. Shadash is the bringer of death, pestilence, and destruction. Priests and druids who regard the furthering of death, destruction and decay as desirable serve her. Like her, they desire to maintain the balance of nature through negative forces: life must be countered by death, health by disease, growth by destruction. While Shadash always has a strong connection to negative energy, in some realities she becomes corrupted by the undead demon [[Lord Durakor]] leading to the creation of Nature’s Undead and granting her druids power over those undead. Shadash maintains the [[Ashenfey]]—a fey dimension accursed with negative energy. Here she is known as the Lady of Ashes. Her followers abide by the saying that nature is cruel but fair. But mostly cruel.