#Dead 

An infamously disgraced singer and bard, from a well known rock band of the realm called Puddle of Mudd. He was once an A-list celebrity, but one night, he got loaded up on [[Zooka Malt]] during a party aboard an airship. Getting trashed in the company of high class individuals is one thing, but assaulting a waitress and dangling her off the edge of the airship was a few steps too far. After this horrifying incident, Wes' name was dragged in the press, and he fell into a deep depression which eventually turned into a psychotic rage. Unable to deal with living a life away from the spotlight, he lost his sanity. Wes scheduled a solo concert to the surprise of everyone that was once a fan. Not many came to the show, and those that did really wish they hadn't. It turns out the concert was actually a terrorism plot. Wes used his music to disguise the fact that he was reciting verses of an eldritch death ritual. Many showgoers were injured trying to escape when the crowd realized what was happening, and a few even lost their lives. Wes' motives behind this act are a mystery to all. After this, he fled the city, and used the [[Gapejaw Bog]] cave as a hideout for a while.
## Death

Wes was involved in stealing the [[Gilded Nug]] from a high ranking member of the [[Cough City Crew]]. Little did he know that there was undercover members of the [[Ashen Shadow Society]] posing as CCC members. These A.S.S operatives followed Wes to where he was hiding out, and reported back to their superiors. Eventually [[Unit BH-Umbra Δ9]] was sent to eliminate Wes, and retrieve the Gilded Nug.