This is a squad of [[Ashen Shadow Society]] Bloodhound rank bounty hunters.

# Lore

#### Arcannabis Colossus
This unlikely group of misfits came from humble standing in the guild and society as a whole. As a Novice squad they were sent to [[Bobo Bush Estates]] to investigate an abandoned botanical garden that locals said had been taken over by some kind of plant horror. They arrived and exterminated an Arcannabis Colossus to the surprise of the guild who thought it was certain they would die. 

#### Pot Potion Press Pilfer
After that they were hired through the guild by a man named [[Hazeus Tokenheim]] to recover an item that had been stolen from his [[Arcannabis Extraction]] factory. Hazeus was certain that one of his smaller competitors, [[Indicus Sativalin]], had a hand in stealing the machine, but he couldn't be sure he acted alone. The squad went to the factory to investigate the scene of the crime. Here they were able to gain some critical info that the heist would have been much too difficult for one man to do alone, but that was all. Next they decided to try and get in contact with an informant through the guilds sources. They headed to [[Upper South Booftown]] to meet a shady individual known as [[Weknas Grasscheeks]], a low time member of the [[Cough City Crew]] that agreed to snitch on the gang for money. Weknas was waiting for the squad in an empty lot in front of a strip club, and bodega. Before they were able to get any info out of Weknas they were spotted by some [[Cough City Thugs]], and a fight broke out over Weknas' apparent snitching. The thugs were defeated, and Weknas revealed the involvement of high ranking Cough City Crew members in the heist of the Arcannabis Extraction machine. They were paid by Indicus to steal the machine, and to protect him while he attempted to reverse engineer it and make the schematics public. Weknas' final word before sprinting away into the dark alleyways, was that the Machine was taken to Indicus' secret lab in the forgotten sewer system. The squad used this information to find an entrance to the forgotten sewers where they encountered Indicus' hired security who they swiftly dealt with. Once inside they snuck past more security, and some alchemists in a magitech hydroponics operation. Just past the hydroponics is where [[Grimjaw]], a Cough City Crew member was sitting. They snuck past him too, and into the main alchemy lab where Indicus was speaking with two other high ranking Cough City Crew members named [[Whisper]], and [[Vex]]. The squad was able to hide until Whisper and Vex left the room momentarily, then they confronted Indicus by surprise. Indicus desperately tried to explain his motive to the squad. He explained that Hazeus has had an illegal monopoly on the Arcannabis Extraction market for years, and he has been using his immense wealth, and political cronies to manipulate the laws in his favor. He wanted to expose Hazeus' corruption, and make the extraction machine available to all in Stickyickistan. It was then that Grimjaw, Whisper, and Vex all re-entered the room. Xon was able to recognize Grimjaw from a description and a wanted poster with a 5000gp reward they saw at the [[Ashen Citadel]]. Quickly Xon made the executive decision for the squad to abandon the original bounty, take Indicus' side against Hazeus, and instead claim the bounty on Grimjaw's head. A fight ensued, and the squad stood victorious. They took Indicus' word for future work, and chased in the bounty on Grimjaw. When Hazeus got word of the betrayal, he sent a strongly worded letter to [[Zara Blackthorn]] threatening to put a bounty on the squad.


#### The [[Gilded Nug]]
After spending some of their money from the bounty they did get, they were sent on their most dangerous mission yet. This mission was not about the money, but about a legendary artifact that the guild has been after for years called the Gilded Nug. The guild had already sent a different squad on a mission to steal it from a Cough City Crew member who had it at the time. While they were undercover as Cough City Crew members, they were able to get close to the member in possession of the Gilded Nug, but one fateful night, the trap house they were hiding out in was broken into. An infamously disgraced singer and bard, [[Wes Scantlin]], from a well known rock band of the realm called Puddle of Mudd, came to take the Gilded Nug for his own nefarious purposes. The Gilded Nug was stolen, but the undercover squad was able to follow Wes to his lair in [[The Outback]]. They were led to a place known as Gapejaw Bog where they lost sight of Wes. They reported back to Zara who then relayed this info to Unit BH-Umbra Δ9. They set out into the Outback with a poorly drawn map that the undercover squad made for them. On the trail they faced a few tough fights, and ended up losing [[Fungi]] in the forest. The rest of the squad carried on with the mission, and eventually made it to [[Gapejaw Bog]] where they narrowly avoided Wes' magical traps, and spectral defenders. Once in the main cavern, they heard the sounds of Puddle of Mudd being played by Wes. He was jamming on his lyre as the squad snuck up on him. As [[Wraith]] closed the distance Wes sensed his presence at the last moment, and went invisible. Wes tried to run away while assuming he was unseen, but Wraith's blindsight ability allowed him to catch Wes and deliver a stunning strike. This proved to be too much for the infamous bard, and he was cut down before getting to fight back, or explain himself. After Wes fell dead, a magical portcullis dissipated behind him to reveal the Gilded Nug in a glass case. the squad retrieved the Nug, exited the cave, and were extracted by Zara Blackthorn on an airship.

#### Bugs & Bloodhounds
They were taken back to the Ashen Citadel where they received their reward for completing the mission, and reunited with Fungi who was infested with bugs. Zara explained their new Bloodhound rank status to them and gave them all an A.S.S Sending Stone. She them recommended that they get Fungi fixed up right away, and gave them the address of a healer by the name of [[Arcana Belle]]. Zara also notified the squad that their quarters are being upgraded, so they would be unavailable for a few hours. Finally she also lets them know that because of Fungi's failure on the last mission, the whole squad would have to complete a combat training exercise before they would be allowed to take on more guild work. The squad left Zara's office and went downtown to go shopping. On the way to [[The Green Grimoire]], Wraith and [[Baeriggs Bigbreath]] were able to spot some thieves can't on the sign of a pottery shop called [[Puffer's Pottery]], and the man behind the counter was a bit too hairy. The thieves can't read "Poison Shop", so they went in. They discreetly made it apparent they were not there for pottery, and they were instructed to go behind a curtain and down some stairs in pairs of two. In the basement they met a wererat named Rikki Tweeks, and other members of their gang called [[The Plague Plugz]]. They bought some poison, and got an offer to collect some Giant Centipede venom for Rikki at a price of 100gp per vial of venom. While walking around downtown, they noticed an odd couple that seemed to be following them. A tall blonde woman in a flower dress with a sigil adorned staff, and a red dragonborn wearing immaculate armor with a sword at his waist. The squad ducked into an alleyway, and Wraith made an illusion of a brick wall behind them. The duo looked into the alley from across the street, and teleported away. Xon saw them one more time as they approached the Ashen Citadel. This time they were much further away, and just standing watching instead of following. When the squad finally returned from their shopping trip they began the combat training exercise.
## Members
- [[Wraith]]
- [[Xon]]
- [[Baeriggs Bigbreath]]
- [[Fungi]]

## Allies

- [[The Plague Plugz]]
- [[Indicus Sativalin]]
- [[Weknas Grasscheeks]]
- [[Zara Blackthorn]]
- [[The Norfies]]

## Enemies

- [[Hazeus Tokenheim]]
- [[Cough City Crew]]
- [[Tribunal Highblade Coalition]]
- [[Dusk Flame VII]]